@STORY



     what follows is some generic initialization code, for when the game is found to be in
     a "clean" state, ie. never played before, or in some way just "reset" to its intended
     initial state: it relies on clause "the game was played before", which has never been
     asserted with a "now" statement, and is therefore supposed to be false, when someone
     loads up this storybook for the first time. The if...fi block that follows will setup
     initial states for every significant clause in the game. It's a good thing to include
     here all the operations that, together, could bring the game back to its clean state,
     at any time. In the future, one could be willing to have the player "die", or compell
     the player to restart... this storybook isn't the case, but speaking in general, once
     such a piece of code is given all it needs to reset the game state, some other points
     of the storybook would simply have to assert that "the game was -not- played before",
     whenever the player will have to restart...



IF the game was NOT played before

  PLEASE setup new description: NOTE there's initially no objects to describe
  PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's room floor

  NOW you have NOT learned to climb the wardrobe

  NOW the game was played before

FI



NOTE:	what follows is code to process textual player input... if you're reading this file
	just out of curiosity but you don't want to spoil the fun, you'd better skip this part
	--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	SPOILERS BELOW	  SPOILERS BELOW    SPOILERS BELOW    SPOILERS BELOW	SPOILERS BELOW
	--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



IF jump/go/get up/on/upon/onto chair OR climb chair

  PLEASE jump on Alex's chair

FI



IF jump/go/get up/on/upon/onto wardrobe OR climb wardrobe

  IF you're on Alex's wardrobe

    CLAIM You're already on Alex's wardrobe...\

  FI

  IF you're NOT on Alex's wardrobe

    IF you're NOT on Alex's chair

      CLAIM The top of the wardrobe is two meters high: you're unable to
	    jump there from the floor. You'd need some sort of smaller
	    thing to climb upon first: for sure, something that must be
	    also very near to the wardrobe itself.

      INDICATE _[cancel warning] TO cancel the warning

      NOTE: because the above advice is rather long, to avoid getting out of the display
	    with the rest of the descriptions, at this point I'll stop execution, so...

      STOP

    FI

    IF you're on Alex's chair

      PLEASE jump on Alex's wardrobe

    FI

  FI

FI



NOTE:	what follows is code to describe the ambient and generally what surrounds the player,
	where the "ambient" is supposed to a generic description of the player's location, as
	reported, at a given time, by clauses like "you're here...", "you're there..."



IF we might NOT witheld the ambient description

  IF you're on Alex's room floor

    TITLE Welcome to Alex's room
    SHOW Alex's room

    SAY This bedroom is about 5 meters long and 3 meters and a half wide,
	oriented east (door side) to west (window side). Assuming you just
	entered from the room's door, and facing west, the window would
	be on the wall in front of you, spanning for a couple arms, its
	right edge a few centimeters away from the right-side wall. The
	window is a tall one, formed by two glassy doors, and leads out to
	the room's balcony.
	The door would be on the wall behind you: it's slightly smaller
	than the window, and lays at a few centimeters from the left wall.
	The room spoils very simple furniture: PUSH _bed_ TO jump on Alex's
	bed SAY (to the right of you); PUSH _wardrobe_ TO examine Alex's
	wardrobe SAY (to the left); PUSH _desk TO jump on Alex's desk SAY,
	PUSH _chair TO examine Alex's chair SAY, PUSH _lamp_ TO examine Alex's
	lamp SAY (left of the window).

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's desk

    TITLE Alex's desk
    SHOW Alex's desk

    SAY Like the rest of the room's furniture, the desk looks simple and
	linear: it's a large wooden box missing bottom and front sides.
	Like the PUSH _wardrobe TO examine Alex's wardrobe SAY, it's a
	cheap kind of wood, coated with plastic imitating natural wood:
	it's a brighter shade than the wardrobe, though. The desk is
	relatively strong because of its panels' thickness (about a couple
	inches). Left to right, the desk holds a PUSH _17" LCD flat panel
	monitor TO examine Alex's monitor SAY, its PUSH _power supply TO
	examine Alex's monitor power supply SAY, a PUSH _56K external modem
	TO examine Alex's modem SAY, PUSH _Alex's computer TO examine
	Alex's computer SAY, the PUSH _UPS_ TO examine Alex's UPS SAY and
	PUSH _an HP Deskjet 450 printer TO examine Alex's printer SAY.
	In front of all that stuff lay the PUSH _keyboard_ TO examine Alex's
	keyboard SAY and the PUSH _mouse TO examine Alex's mouse SAY.
	Behind the printer there's PUSH _a clay kitten_ TO examine Alex's
	coins keeper SAY in which Alex keeps only 1 and 2 euros coins.
	Scattered all over the desk are lighters, discs and diskettes,
	papers, pens, ashes, a large PUSH _crystal ashtray_ TO examine
	Alex's ashtray SAY and a PUSH _pack of cigarettes TO examine Alex's
	cigarettes SAY.

    INDICATE _[descend from the desk] TO descend from Alex's desk

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's bed

    TITLE Alex's bed
    SHOW Alex's bed

    SAY It's a simple "turkish bed", basically a robust, rectangular,
	horizontal plate of wood with four cylindrical legs near each
	corner. It's painted in a yellowish shade of white, similar to
	ivory. The plate is two meters and a half long, 120 centimeters
	wide, and one span tall above the floor. Laying on the cyan blue
	blanket is a set of five small, square cushons: two are red, one
	is sunshine yellow, the fourth is barely the same shade of cyan
	as the blanket, and the fifth is navy blue. Against the east wall,
	where the head's cushon forms a bump in the blanket, between the
	materace and the wall, two additional grass-green cushons are
	stuck, to ideally keep the head's cushon from slipping half-way
	out of the materace while sleeping, but they don't work well.

    INDICATE _[descend from the bed] TO descend from Alex's bed

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's wardrobe

    TITLE Fottifoh: the King of the Wardrobe
    SHOW Fottifoh

    SAY Well, Fottifoh got his name out of the blue, as something Alex
	mumbled while preparing warm milk for his then-small sister,
	precisely on April 11th, 1992. His sister Alessandra was only 6
	at that time: Alex had to watch over her while parents were away,
	in the morning. The name means barely nothing, except that Alex
	liked the childish - he says - sound of it. Fottifoh is a soft,
	furry, yellow teddybear with funny curled ears, four round paws,
	black plastic shiny eyes, and a head almost as big as the body,
	shaped at mid way between a sphere and a mushroom's umbrella.
	Paws, protending towards the observer as in embrace, are coloured
	blue, pale green, purple, cyan (in clockwise order facing Fotty);
	ears' interior fur reprises hind (bottom) paws' colors.

    INDICATE _[look down] TO look down at Alex's desk
    INDICATE _[descend from the wardrobe] TO descend from Alex's wardrobe

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's chair

    SHOW upon Alex's chair
    PLEASE display Alex's chair description

    INDICATE _[descend from the chair] TO descend from Alex's chair

  FI

FI



NOTE:	what follows describes some kind of detail, when the ambient isn't to be described,
	on itself, because the player is "examining" something in particular... such details
	are always described while clause "we might witheld the ambient description" is true:
	this causes the previous, large if...fi block to be entirely skipped, because having
	both the ambient's description and an object's description on the display at the same
	time would leave too little room for each description. It must be possible to return
	to the ambient's description, so there's an appropriate hyperlink, leading to the
	subroutine called "quit description and look around", for this particular function:
	the hyperlink is given by an "indicate" command at the end of the following if...fi



IF we might witheld the ambient description

  IF examining Alex's chair

    SHOW Alex's chair
    PLEASE display Alex's chair description

  FI

  IF examining Alex's wardrobe

    TITLE Alex's wardrobe

    SAY The wardrobe can be described as a bare box, two meters tall, one
	meter and a half wide, and half a meter thick. It's made of cheap
	wood, but looks better because of the plastic texture covering its
	sides to simulate natural wood appearence. It's got two large
	doors, below which are a couple drawers, and on the left side is
	one further door, tall and narrow, spanning from the bottom
	(laying straight on the floor) to the top of the wardrobe.
	All doors and drawers' front panels are painted in the same colour
	as the bed's plate (simil-ivory), while sides imitate an ocra shade
	of nut wood. High on top of the wardrobe there's Alex's set of
	teddybears, among which you can see PUSH _Fottifoh TO look at Fottifoh SAY.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's monitor

    TITLE Alex's monitor

    SAY It's a 17" LCD flat panel monitor, with a contrast ratio of 1:450,
	and it's quite brilliant. Alex bought it at the beginning of 2005,
	and had a bit of troubles reconfiguring xf86 on Linux to make the
	X server use 1280x1024 instead of 1024x768. The extra resolution
	initially seemed even too much to Alex, but now that he got used
	to it, he would never intentionally go back to use a 15" monitor
	in 1024x768, despite claiming he loved that resolution before...
	Alex is reasonably proud of his monitor, the only drawback being
	that it won't properly support 512x384. This is extremely annoying
	in Alex's opinion: he still loves that resolution.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's monitor power supply

    TITLE Alex's monitor power supply

    SAY Hmf... it's a black plastic box with a green led on top,
	signalling it's plugged in. It's rather annoying that it's
	separated from the monitor itself, so you have to keep one more
	device somewhere, and one more cable connecting the power supply
	to the monitor. Alex hates to keep such stuff under the desk,
	because it'd be an obstacle for when he stretches on the chair.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's modem

    TITLE Alex's modem

    SAY It's a simple 56K external serial modem, branded "Trust".
	It has one main advantage and one main problem: the advantage
	is that it'll work with anything without needing - bleach -
	drivers. The problem is that it's absurd to be compelled to
	access the internet in 2005 with such a connection speed,
	because the house area isn't reached by something better.
	Alex's connection is a flat-rate, but it's not always-on,
	because in this crappy land no always-up connections for
	modem users are evidently supposed to exist. They know you
	have no choice. Yeah, of course, Alex won't even try out an
	intrinsically crappy satellite connection...

  FI

  IF examining Alex's computer

    TITLE Alex's computer

    SAY It's relatively small, say a mini-minitower: aluminium case,
	plastic light-grey front panel, lots of connectors both on
	its front and rear sides. Generally looking good except for
	the toy styling of the front panel, with blue leds that were
	evidently supposed to look groovy by the producer. Ah, the
	producer is uncertain. Features include 512Mb sluggy memory,
	a decent 80Gb internal hard drive, a DVD+R writer (the last
	one ever produced that's not dual-standard), a lovely good
	old floppy drive, and myriads of USB's, Firewires and even a
	couple SPDif connectors ("advanced", yet completely useless).
	Overall, Alex thinks it can't be more crappy than today's
	average, as a pff... "puter" (says the C64 was a Computer, in
	the proper spirit, later ones having rotten away).

  FI

  IF examining Alex's UPS

    TITLE Alex's UPS

    SAY A plastic box: the above cover is white, the base is black.
	It's a heavy piece of machinery that's supposed to power the
	computer and its monitor for at least a few minutes when the
	lights go out. Typically, it will safely last for as much
	as one WHOLE minute before its battery gives up, so you have
	plenty of time to "comfortably" suspend the session and properly
	find it saved for next time. If it goes well. If not, nobody
	could tell what will be of the operating (operating?) system,
	or of Windoze's MFT, or of the hard disk's master boot record,
	or of the whole computer if at that point Alex decided to give
	it a flight lesson...

  FI

  IF examining Alex's printer

    TITLE Alex's printer

    SAY It's an HP Deskjet 450, a portable printer featuring battery
	and IR interface, originally bought to match the fact that
	Alex's former computer was a laptop (it still is, but unused).
	The top half of the (plastic, obviously) cover is silver grey,
	the bottom half being dark grey. It prints well, specially
	since Alex dismantled its cover to "make the instrument more
	accessible" (no way to get rid of the absurdical Torx screws in
	a polite way) and removed an evidently superfluous paper guide
	from the sheet loading mechanism, when the printer started to
	refuse to load up sheets. Alex now likes the printer more than
	before because he could see "what was inside".
	Oh, yes, the printer also has its own annoying power supply
	black box (lays near the UPS), what did you expect?

  FI

  IF examining Alex's keyboard

    TITLE Alex's keyboard

    SAY A very simple, very cheap, 13-euros 105-key US standard keyboard.
	Alex hates the italian keyboard layout, which sacrificies curly
	brackets and the tilde, in favor of stupid accented vowels.
	More generally, Alex hates the world for not being able to keep
	the same language for all the people; he does not understand what
	a "tradition" might be good for. Logically, it would be better
	for all humans to speak the same language, which would encourage
	communication between foreign countries. He wouldn't mind having
	to learn another language, if that would be the ultimate one. He
	likes the fact that English is on the way to become some sort of
	international passepartout, really. He'd readily throw Italian
	and all the rest down the drains of history, with no remorse.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's mouse

    TITLE Alex's mouse

    SAY It's an optical USB mouse. A shiny night blue plastic thing;
	shaped like a bean flattened on its bottom side; its lower part
	is almost transparent (smokey), while on top are two rather large
	buttons. Between the buttons is the now-typical gummy wheel for
	quick scrolling operations. In the middle of the top cover is a
	transparent gummy emblem holding Logitech's logo. Alex bought it
	in 2000, and despite its actual "mileage" it still works rather
	well, save for the times when the optical sensor gets confused by
	the few details of the mouse pad below, sending the pointer all
	of a sudden to unexpected places; but that's relatively rare.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's coins keeper

    TITLE Alex's coins keeper
    SHOW Coins keeper

    SAY Looking like a sorian kitten in the act of scratching his left ear,
	it's a hollow clay container with a vertical slot behind its "head",
	where coins are supposed to be inserted. It's rather realistic,
	although it's less than half the size of a real "adult" cat.
	The coins can later be retrieved from below, where a gum cap
	locks a small hole. In effects, extracting the coins from there
	is by far the hardest part. Alex selectively keeps only 1 and 2
	euros coins into the kitten (no cents), as an emergency money
	reserve holding relatively significant purchasing power. It
	typically holds 40 to 80 euros; once full, in the summer of 2004,
	it was found to hold as much as 130. Refilling it takes a lot of
	time, as you could expect, at a rate of 1-2 euros per day (from
	daily expenses' changes)...

  FI

  IF examining Alex's ashtray

    TITLE Alex's ashtray

    SAY The ashtray's shape is the bottom half of an ellipsoid, or a vertically
	crunched sphere to say it simpler. It's of course hollow, and made of
	crystal. That's quite useless, because the crystal would look beautifully
	elegant; but it's an ashtray, so it's supposed to hold at least a handful
	of burnt cigarettes, and that makes it absolutely ugly to see.
	After hearing that cigarette ashes contain Radon and Polonium-210,
	did Alex stop smoking? No, of course, but he bought PUSH _a yellow
	plastic sign_ TO show radioactivity warning sign SAY to keep on the wall
	nearby the wardrobe: the sign (an official EEC plaque) bears radioactivity
	symbol, and reads "warning: radioactive materials".

  FI

  IF examining Alex's cigarettes

    TITLE Alex's cigarettes

    SAY It's a pack of "Muratti", a brand of Philip Morris, apparently
	packaged in Switzerland (or so the packet reads on one side).
	On both sides the packet bears a highly visible warning within
	a black, thick, square cartridge. The warning reads "your
	doctor and your pharmacist can help you quit smoking". That's
	interesting, given that most doctors and pharmacists Alex knows
	actually smoke twice as many cigarettes as him...

  FI

  IF examining Alex's lamp

    TITLE Alex's lamp
    APPEND Alex's lamp

    SAY It's a steel lamp from the 80's: it once had a holder on top, but it
	resulted way too small for almost all bulbs Alex pretended to attach
	there. It actually carries an Osram low-consumption fluorescent lamp
	(Circolux) emitting 15000 LUX in exchange for an input current of
	only 24 W. Notice the room is in full sunlight coming from the window,
	yet the lamp's halo is clearly visible. It has one advantage and one
	disadvantage: it's terribly bright and thus barely capable of satisfying
	Alex's criteria for a "small" bedroom lamp to be also kept on at night
	(that is, an effective replacement of the Sun); but, it's also an
	irresistible reference point for insects accumulating on the nearby
	window's glasses, and there promptly exterminated. The disadvantage
	specially hits the said insects, in fact.

  FI

  IF examining Alex's desk from above

    TITLE Alex's desk seen from the top of the wardrobe
    SHOW desk from above

    SAY There's a pretty breathtaking panorama from here, isn't it?
	No, eh? Maybe you prefered it with CLAIM _Noctis V_ SAY running, eh?
	Now, that's disquieting... if even Martin starts begging Alex for its
	release, he'll seriously consider moving to that beautiful little big
	monolith coming out from the Atlantic ocean somewhere...

    INDICATE _[descend from wardrobe] TO descend from Alex's wardrobe

  FI

  INDICATE _[look around] TO quit description and look around

FI



NOTE:	at this point, "generic" execution is over: following this note is a "stop" command,
	which will tell the narrator to ignore whatever comes after it, during a normal run.
	What follows the "stop" keyword are only subroutines: a subroutine is a piece of code
	that is only executed "on request". The Narrator allows executing subroutines either
	by explicitly calling them with the "please" command, which will take action as soon
	as The Narrator meets "please", or via a "push...to" statement: this last possibility
	will create a hyperlink, upon which the player could click with the left mouse button.
	When The Narrator detects a click on that link, it will execute the subroutine which
	name is found after the "to" keyword. Then, it will execute again the whole storybook,
	to ideally give the writer a chance to describe whatever may have changed because of
	the fact that the player clicked on the said hyperlink. Also note that some routines
	aren't used for "player-visible" tasks: for example, "setup new location" doesn't do
	anything directly visible. Instead, it denies a set of clauses that, together, define
	where the player is located (the current "ambient"), and tells the above code to give
	a textual description of the ambient. The routine will be called as a "commodity" to
	avoid having to write "now you're not here", "now you're not there"... every time the
	player moves from an ambient to another one.

	Oh, one final hint: you don't really need writing the subroutine name between a comma,
	following the "well" keyword, and a colon after the name. That's just to improve the
	readability of the resulting code: punctuation around names of clauses and bookmarks
	is only a decoration, and The Narrator barely ignores it while interpreting the code.

STOP



WELL, setup new location:

  NOW you're NOT on Alex's room floor
  NOW you're NOT on Alex's desk
  NOW you're NOT on Alex's bed
  NOW you're NOT on Alex's chair
  NOW you're NOT on Alex's wardrobe

  NOTE that since we're supposedly introducing the player to a new ambient,
  NOW we might NOT witheld the ambient description

DONE

WELL, setup new description:

  NOW NOT examining Alex's wardrobe
  NOW NOT examining Alex's chair
  NOW NOT examining Alex's monitor
  NOW NOT examining Alex's monitor power supply
  NOW NOT examining Alex's modem
  NOW NOT examining Alex's computer
  NOW NOT examining Alex's UPS
  NOW NOT examining Alex's printer
  NOW NOT examining Alex's keyboard
  NOW NOT examining Alex's mouse
  NOW NOT examining Alex's coins keeper
  NOW NOT examining Alex's ashtray
  NOW NOT examining Alex's cigarettes
  NOW NOT examining Alex's lamp
  NOW NOT examining Alex's desk from above

  NOTE that because we're switching to a specific object's description,
  NOW we might witheld the ambient description

DONE

WELL, jump on Alex's bed:

  IF you're on Alex's bed

    CLAIM You're already on Alex's bed...\

  FI

  IF you're NOT on Alex's bed

    CLAIM You jump on Alex's bed to inspect what's above it...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's bed

  FI

DONE

WELL, descend from Alex's bed:

  IF you're NOT on Alex's bed

    CLAIM You're not on Alex's bed...\

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's bed

    CLAIM You descend from the bed...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's room floor

  FI

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's wardrobe:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's wardrobe

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's chair:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's chair

DONE

WELL, look at Fottifoh:
WELL, jump on Alex's wardrobe:

  NOTE: did you see the two, coupled "well" keywords above?
	It's simply because this piece of code will be called both when the player clicks on
	the name "Fottifoh", which is a hyperlink placed in the description of my wardrobe,
	and when the player explicitly decides to "jump on the wardrobe" via the prompt line.
	Having different names leading to the same subroutine, which is what happens here, is
	not necessary, but it's possible, and in this case it helps keeping track of which
	situations may lead to this subroutine. In practice, having the storybook's code say
	something like "if jump on wardrobe, please look at Fottifoh" would sound just weird,
	although it -would- work perfectly: the second name for this subroutine allows saying,
	instead, "if jump on wardrobe, please jump on Alex's wardrobe"... On the other hand,
	having the first hyperlink leading here is interesting, because it gives the player a
	shortcut to the normal "solution", which is jumping on the chair and then climbing the
	wardrobe. That solution is supposed to be guessed, but once the player guessed it for
	one time, the "Fottifoh" link works as a shortcut for the rest of the game: carefully
	examine the sequence of conditions below, and you might be able to understand how this
	kind of behavior is obtained...

  IF you're NOT on Alex's chair, AND you have NOT learned to climb the wardrobe

    CLAIM Fottifoh is on top of the wardrobe (Alex keeps it there): it looks
	  like it's too high for you to get there, at least from your actual
	  position...

    APPEND Fotty high above

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's chair, OR you have learned to climb the wardrobe

    IF you have learned to climb the wardrobe

      CLAIM You trampoline again from Alex's chair to the wardrobe...

    FI

    IF you have NOT learned to climb the wardrobe

      CLAIM Yay! You barely made it from the top of Alex's chair to the top
	    of his wardrobe. So welcome to Fottifoh's place...

      NOW you have learned to climb the wardrobe

    FI

    PLEASE setup new location:
    NOW you're on Alex's wardrobe

  FI

DONE

WELL, descend from Alex's wardrobe:

  IF you're NOT on Alex's wardrobe

    CLAIM You're not on Alex's wardrobe...\

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's wardrobe

    CLAIM Whoa! That was quite a jump: you prefered aiming the desk...
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's desk

  FI

DONE

WELL, look down at Alex's desk:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's desk from above

DONE

WELL, jump on Alex's desk:

  IF you're on Alex's desk

    CLAIM You're already on Alex's desk...\

  FI

  IF you're NOT on Alex's desk

    CLAIM You jump on Alex's desk...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's desk

  FI

DONE

WELL, descend from Alex's desk:

  IF you're NOT on Alex's desk

    CLAIM You're not on Alex's desk...\

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's desk

    CLAIM You descend from the desk...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's room floor

  FI

DONE

WELL, display Alex's chair description:

  TITLE Alex's chair

  SAY Alex's chair is a quite classic, black office chair with rollers
      below. Alex abuses the rollers continuously to fetch stuff from
      other places of the room, and sometimes CLAIM _even_ SAY from
      outside the room... er... he probably, secretly wishes he had a
      rocket propeller below the chair so he could go places...

DONE

WELL, jump on Alex's chair:

  IF you're on Alex's chair

    CLAIM You're already on Alex's chair...\

  FI

  IF you're NOT on Alex's chair

    CLAIM You jump on Alex's chair...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's chair

  FI

DONE

WELL, descend from Alex's chair:

  IF you're NOT on Alex's chair

    CLAIM You're not on Alex's chair...\

  FI

  IF you're on Alex's chair

    CLAIM You descend from the chair...\
    PLEASE setup new location: NOW you're on Alex's room floor

  FI

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's monitor:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's monitor

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's monitor power supply:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's monitor power supply

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's modem:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's modem

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's computer:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's computer

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's UPS:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's UPS

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's printer:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's printer

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's keyboard:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's keyboard

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's mouse:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's mouse

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's coins keeper:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's coins keeper

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's ashtray:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's ashtray

DONE

WELL, show radioactivity warning sign:

  APPEND warning sign

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's cigarettes:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's cigarettes

DONE

WELL, examine Alex's lamp:

  PLEASE setup new description:
  NOW examining Alex's lamp

DONE

WELL, quit description and look around:

  NOW we might NO LONGER witheld the ambient description

DONE

WELL, cancel the warning:

  NOTE this subroutine does nothing: just causes a move, and a subsequent page refresh...

DONE
